Let us revisit Knapsack.
This is this how Knapsack data pipeline looks like.
As you can see, I have added storage devices that were not shown in earlier model.
This is because no pipeline is ever complete without a data storage.
We will discuss in details about data storage in a later lesson.
Now, we'll look at the various components of this pipeline.
To recap, our data origin points would be website,
app, SaaS solutions, and our connected backpacks.
We have a processing data pipeline,
it could be ETL or ELT.
We will discuss this also in details later.
Ingestion, transformation, and delivery of data will happen here. Data storage.
We have two types of data storage,
traditional database that stores structured or process data
for our business professionals,
data lakes that store structured,
semi-structured and unstructured data for our data scientists.
Last but not the least,
we have our data destination.
The application that data scientists team is using for ML modeling and
the business intelligence stuff where that business team is using for
business insights are our data destinations.
The new group that we have introduced in last few concepts is our SaaS solution.
We will feed data to these solutions for accounting and for creating marketing campaigns.
These are also our data destinations.